Add commit/set autocommit for mysql (#417)
KindlingProject/kindling: CHANGELOG.md

1. All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
2. Records in this file are not identical to the title of their Pull Requests. A detailed description is necessary for understanding what changes are and why they are made.

## Unreleased
### New features

### Enhancements

> - Add mysql statement commit/set autocommit. ([#417](https://github.com/KindlingProject/kindling/pull/417))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support to identify the MySQL protocol with statements `commit` and `set`. ([#417](https://github.com/KindlingProject/kindling/pull/417))

```
